Instructions on how to use 4PLScript.py python script.
These instructions also contain information about example DORA test data provided.


Introduction:

-  Analyzes data generated by the DORAScripts. 

-  Extracts data from selected groups, validates data and performs four-parameter logistic (4PL) 
   regression function to fit the data. 

-  Creates new sheets into the data file to store the data 
   (IC50/CC50/EC50 value, LogIC50/CC50/EC50 value, and HillSlope). 

-  Additionally, creates graphs for selected groups and stores them as .png files into result_files directory.


Prerequirements:

-  Data file is available in data_files directory. 

-  Data file contains a sheet with collected logarithmic dilution values (Log Dil) and 
   normalized response values for each defined sample in defined groups.

-  Excel file must be closed during script run or script will give error message.


Parameter conditions:

-  Analysis type can be either IC50, CC50, or EC50.


Basic script run:

1.  Make sure you have first run the DORAScript or that you have a sheet in the data file that contains
	logarithmic dilution values (Log dil) and normalized response values for each sample in defined groups
	in the same format as in the example Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx file in SCR_group_EXPORT sheet.

2.  Close Excel files that are analysed/used by the script (i.e. data files).

3.  Open Windows PowerShell by going into Source directory found from the TiterDORATools-main.zip file,
    typing "powershell" to address bar and pressing Enter.

4.  Run script by typing "python 4PLScript.py" on Windows PowerShell. 
    To access more instructions on how the script functions, run the script with any of the following parameters
    ["i", "info", "h", "help"] e.g., "python 4PLScript.py help" on Windows PowerShell.

5.  Follow script prompts and choose correct parameters by typing correct number for the prompt and 
    pressing Enter to move forward.

6.  After script run, the results are shown in the raw data file in new sheets and generated graphs in result_files directory.

7.  To continue data analysis, move to STATScript instructions.



Instructions on how provided test data was run with DORAScripts. Continuation from DORAScript instructions.

Example 1: Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx

Script run:

4PL curve fiting:
	- Open Windows PowerShell as instructed above.
	- Run script by typing "python 4PLScript.py"
	- Select data file: Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx
	- Select data sheet: SCR_group_EXPORT
	- Select groups for analysis: SELECT ALL
	- Select analysis type: IC50

To continue data analysis, run STATScript.py and follow STATScript instructions.









