Instructions on how to use EXTRACTScript.py python script.
These instructions also contain information about example EPD test data provided.


Introduction:

-  Selects and extracts data from Excel file containing multiple 96-well plate analyses on the same sheet. 

-  Divides each 96-well plate data to Excel files of their own, and zipps the files into a zip container 
   stored at result_files directory. 

-  Separation of data is required for the EPDScript_96.py and DORAScript_96.py to function. 
   In these scripts, the data file should only contain one well plate of data.


Prerequirements:

-  Data file available in data_files directory.

-  Excel file must be closed during script run or script will give error message.


Basic script run:

1.  Close Excel files that are analysed/used by the script (i.e. data files).

2.  Open Windows PowerShell by going into Source directory in TiterDORATools-main.zip,
    typing "powershell" to address bar and pressing Enter.

3.  Run script by typing "python EXTRACTScript.py" on Windows PowerShell. To access more instructions
    on how the script functions, run the script with any of the following parameters 
    ["i", "info", "h", "help"] e.g., "python EXTRACTScript.py help" on Windows PowerShell.

4.  Follow script prompts and choose correct parameters by typing correct number from the prompt 
    and pressing Enter to move forward.

3.  After script run, the extracted plates are stored in result_files directory in their own Excel files. 
    Unpack the .zip file and move the files into data_files directory. Continue data analysis from 
    those files according to the EPDScript_instructions.txt file.



Instructions on how provided test data was run with EXTRACTScript.

Example 1: Test_multiple_EPD_96wp.xlsx

The raw data sheet contains two 96-wp of data on top of each other. 
To separate the two 96-wps to different Excel files, run EXCTRACTScript.py.

Script run: 
- Open Windows PowerShell as instructed above.
- Run script by typing "python EXTRACTScript.py" on Windows PowerShell.
- Select data file: Test_multiple_EPD_96wp.xlsx
- Select data sheet: Plate

- Find extracted plates from result_files directory.




