Instructions on how to use STATScript.py python script.
These instructions also contain information about example DORA test data provided.


Introduction:

-  Runs non-parametric statistical tests for selected groups either Kruskal-Wallis test with Dunn's test 
   for pairwise comparisons or Mann-Whitney U test. 

-  P-values are corrected with Bonferroni correction. 

-  Creates a new sheet into the data file to store results. 

-  Shows results in table format with p-values and statistical significance indicated by symbols 
   that correspond to "not significant", "0.05", "0.01", "0.001" and "0.0001" level of significance.


Prerequirements:

-  Data file available in data_files directory. 

-  Data file contains a sheet generated by 4PLScript.py or excel sheet formated the same way. 
   Sheet contains the IC50/CC50/EC50 results.

-  Excel file must be closed during script run or script will give error message.



Basic script run:

1.  Make sure you have first run the 4PLScript or that you have a sheet in the data file that contains
	IC50/CC50/EC50 results for each sample in the defined groups in the same format as shown in 
	example Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx file in SCR_ic50_RESULTS sheet.

2.  Close Excel files that are analysed/used by the script (i.e. data files).

3.  Open Windows PowerShell by going into Source directory found from the TiterDORATools-main.zip file,
    typing "powershell" to address bar and pressing Enter.

4.  Run script by typing "python STATScript.py" on Windows PowerShell. To access more instructions on how the 
    script functions, run the script with any of the following parameters ["i", "info", "h", "help"] 
    e.g., "python STATScript.py help" on Windows PowerShell.

5.  Follow script prompts and choose correct parameters by typing correct number for the prompt and 
    pressing Enter to move forward.

6.  After script run, the results are shown in the raw data file in a new sheet.



Instructions on how the test data was run with DORAScripts. Continuation from 4PLScript instructions.

Example 1: Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx

Script run:

Statistical analysis:
	- Open Windows PowerShell as instructed above.
	- Run script by typing "python STATScript.py"
	- Select data file: Test_DORA_384wp.xlsx
	- Select data sheet: SCR_ic50_RESULTS
	- Select statistical test: Mann-Whitney









